Baddie robots

Player starts in the slums of the steampunk city where they have been collecting scrap trying to build up their fighter robot. After a long while, the player can finally
create their robot, which is where we begin. The player then has to traverse their way up the layers of the steampunk city, in order to try and overthrow the CORRUPT tyrant
and change the life in the city for the better. As the player does this they fight other robots along the way, gaining points to further upgrade their robot so they can 
continue further. The player will have to make their way around the city's layers by interacting with the and exploring the area around them, battling other robots, etc.

Story starts with a brief explanation of how the world is today, a corrupt ruling over the city, dangerous streets, violence throughout especially utilising constructed robots,
and describing the large inequality between citizens and the layers of the city, gradually getting richer and cleaner the higher you go up with less and less violence but more
and more corruption. Then a big focus shifts to the president of the city, a ruler prioritising economic growth over the city's citizens. The explanation is meant to set a tone
for the game and immerse the user into it's environment, describing how horrible it is to live on the lower layers and elevating the higher layers. The explanation ends with an
introduction to the players living situation, a borderline homeless scrapper living on the lowest layer of the city.

Chapter 1: Prologue: The first section takes place as the start of the prologue: Day 1. The user is told that they work as a scrapper, dismantling machinery to earn just barely enough to get by.
Whilst on the job, word comes about of a revolution the citizens of the lower layer are planning, leading to the player being informed of the increased presence of law enforcement around the poorer areas, 
giving them a sense of danger and unease already. When they arrive to their job they're tasked with going through scrap in secret where the first gameplay aspect is introduced, designing the robot:
The player will have a set amount of points on the first day, and will then be given parts to choose after finding them in the scrap yard. These items will come in set of 3, for three rounds where the user 
can decide to spend their points on different parts which have varying strength, defence, and price values; each round they can choose to select between none and all three items depending on the amount of
points they wish to spend that round, after they pass a round they can NOT go back to choose once more, as the items will have been 'lost forever' in the deepest depths of the scrap yard. For the first day 
the player selects parts for the head, then the second day the torso, and ending with the third day which is the legs. In between each scrapping section, the player will be given more information and lore
about the city they're living in through NPC dialogue and other clues, acting as a break between the sections; this is where the player gets more and more informed about the upcoming revolution that is about to take place.

Chapter 2: The beginning of the end: The second section begins with the player awaking to loud sounds of conflict outside, exiting from their house they are met with a battle between the law enforcement and the local residents the revolution having
seemingly already begun. Because of the conflict and danger the player will now need to navigate their way to the scrap yard where their robot is located making sure not to get involved in the violent fights taking place. As they make their way through the 
city, they'll find that the area is now different from how it was just yesterday, streets are filled with scrap and broken robots, evidence of the brewing conflict of the city. They find their way to the scrap yard where they find their worried co-workers
and are illuminated on the situation, with suspicion of an upcoming revolution, the government decided to put a pre-emptive stop to it, which explodes into the all out brawl happening everywhere as of now. This is when the player decides to take place in
the revolution, unveiling their robot. The player is now given more freedom to explore, only tasked with "reach the next layer" as their goal. Exploration is the next gameplay aspect:     When exploring, the player will be able to find secrets and more
information/lore filling out the game, along with high quality scrap, giving the player a few points to spend on their robot in the future; Exploration sections will take the player around the city with a goal to get from point A to point B, with potential
robot battles along the way. Some battles will be completely avoidable in which the player can choose to prioritise getting through as fast as possible and skipping them, or completing the fights and gaining extra points and parts. For this first layer the
exploration will be the most simple, with only a few easy battles to complete, and a small amount of other things to find. When they find their way to the exit of the layer they'll have to complete one last battle a slightly harder robot to end the first 
level/layer.

Chapter 3: New sights to see: The third section begins after the player has completed the battle in the previous chapter, they are then told they've passed the security and has for the first time in their life reached the second layer. This layer is already
a step up from the layer below, the streets are cleaner, houses built stronger and sounder than below, the people are wearing nicer clothes and look generally happier with their lives. This layer will be similar to the previous one, fighting through and
exploring the city or choosing to sneak past them finding secrets or points along the way. The battles will be harder as the player most likely has upgraded their robot a little by now, so they will need a more challenging set of fights. This layer will be
more focused on letting the player have a little more freedom, battling when they want, exploring and collecting as much scrap and info that they want, without forcing a story onto them so much. This'll allow them to get used to, and get better at the 
main features of the game before going to  harder levels. This layer is also victim to the revolution against tyranny, as the citizens from below had followed you up, as well as other citizens from this layer joining in, because of this, the security and 
law enforcement is pushed back, and forced to fight back harder, resulting in harder battles. Once again, toward the end of the layer there will be a harder "boss battle" robot, that blocks the exit to the next layer, this one will be significantly harder.
The next layer will be a faster version of the previous one, less exploring and harder battles as the revolution pushes back the law enforcement forcing them to retreat upwards. As the player follows/leads the revolution through this layer the robot
fights will be harder, equivalent to the boss battle previously; although the player should be able to get pass easier due to the upgrade's they'll be able to make using the points they earn. With less exploration the player will soon get to the boss battle
of this layer, but instead of a boss battle they are met with free pass to get to the final layer of the game.

Chapter 4: The End: As the player enters the final layer they are met with a large building, perfectly crafted, the architecture something out of a fairy tale; the building is surrounded with other gorgeous buildings all built to look perfect, the highest
level is far greater than the player would've ever expected. The streets are eerily quiet, with the members of the revolution staying below to keep fighting; along with being quiet, the streets are empty of people and even the law enforcement are no where to
be seen, something's off that's for sure. This layer has no robot battles, leaving the player to explore the seemingly deserted area looking for what they can do next, though not finding much; there is no scrap for them to collect due to the streets being 
pristine and devoid of all trash and rubbish. The player will be able to make their way to the main building whenever they want, having no obstacles to stop them; once they do make it there, the massive doors will open mysteriously allowing them to enter
with no resistance.
